Stage release post 4.5 template file (#5995)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2023/release-4.5.md

    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46653
    category: Code Insights
  - description: "You can now export all data for a code insight from the card menu or the standalone page."
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46694
    category: Code Insights
- description: Added Gerrit as an officially supported code host with permissions syncing.
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/46763
    category: Admin
  - description: "Monitoring: the searcher dashboard now contains more detailed request metrics as well as information on interactions with the local cache (via gitserver)."
    url: https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/47654
    category: Admin
  - description: "Zoekt has a new opt-in feature, \"shard merging\". Shard merging consolidates small index files into larger ones, which reduces Zoekt-webserver's memory footprint, especially for users with many small and rarely update repositories."
    url: https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/explanations/search_details#shard-merging
    category: Admin
---

<Badge link="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_insights" text="Code Insights" color="green" size="small" />

> #### The new Code Insights UI makes it easier to run insights over specific repositories

Author: @chwarwick , could you please review this section? Is this accurate?

I am also planning to add a GIF to this shortly.

Reviewer: @iskyOS 

>  Previously, repositories had to be explicitly listed.This change makes it easier to select very specific and large repository groups to run insights over.

This is all true, but we want to key on this being about picking smaller sets of repos while stilling getting all the data you are looking for. I'm having a hard time coming up with the words for this but something along the lines of.

``` 
Previously, if you wanted more than a few repositories you had to run your insight over all of them.  This change makes it possible to select only the repositories that are relevant to the insight you are creating. 
```

The background reason for this change is that for customer with many repos running an insight over all of them simply takes too long and can accumulate very large amounts of data.  This change makes it possible for the user to pick the **relevant** repos, somewhere greater than 10 but less than all; so that users can keep the size of the insight down but still get all the important information.  Some examples could be all repos that follow a naming convention (like `infrastructure`), or all repos that have a `package.json` file.

> The new query system allows you to select repositories with these filters:

Maybe just a small change here
```
The new system allows you to use any of the `repo:` filter options such as:  
- `repo:`
- `-repo:`
- `repo:has.path()`
- `repo:has.file()`
- `repo:has.commit.after()`
```

The `repo:.*` is "all repos" so I don't want to encourage the use of that one.

We've introduced a new UI for Code Insights creation. You can now use Sourcegraph query syntax to select repositories for an insight to run over. Previously, repositories had to be explicitly listed. This change makes it easier to select very specific and large repository groups to run insights over.

The new query system allows you to select repositories with these filters:
- `repo:`
- `-repo:`
- `repo:has.path()`
- `repo:has.file()`
- `repo:has.commit.after()`
- `repo:.*`

<br />
<Badge link="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/workers" text="Admin" color="violet" size="small" />

> #### Upgrades for Gerrit as a code host

Author: @ryphil Can I please get your review on this section? It's a little dry - anything you would add (or visuals)?

Reviewer 2: This looks good to me and matches what we shared for BitBucket Cloud in 4.4... I also asked @pjlast to look at it as the DRI for Gerrit.

> We're improving support for Gerrit-based repositories. Gerrit can now be used as an authentication provider for Sourcegraph so that teams can authenticate direcvtly to Sourcegraph with a shared login.
> 
> We're also releasing permissions syncing for Gerrit. Admins can sync repositories to Sourcegraph from Gerrit, and permissions from Gerrit will also sync to Sourcegraph to control who has access to each repository in Sourcegraph.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We're improving support for Gerrit-based repositories. Admins can now enable authorization on Gerrit code host connections, marking repositories from that connection as private. Users will need to provide Gerrit HTTP credentials in order to confirm their access to these repositories on Gerrit.
```

#### The new Code Insights UI makes it easier to run insights over specific repositories

We've introduced a new UI for insights creation. You can now use Sourcegraph query syntax to select repositories for an insight to run over. Previously, if you wanted an insight to run over more than a few repositories, you had to create an insight that ran over *all* of them. This change makes it possible to select only the repositories that are relevant to the insights you are creating.

This makes it especially easy to create insights for related groups of repositories, for example, ones that follow a naming convention such as `-infrastructure`.

The new system allows you to use any of the `repo:` filter options such as:
- `repo:`
- `-repo:`
- `repo:has.path()`
- `repo:has.file()`
- `repo:has.commit.after()`

<Video 
  source={{
    mp4: 'blog/release-post/4.5/code-insights-ui',
  }}
  loop={true}
  title="The Code Insights UI."
/>

<br />
<Badge link="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/workers" text="Admin" color="violet" size="small" />

#### Upgrades to the Gerrit code host integration

> We're improving support for Gerrit-based repositories with new permissions syncing for Gerrit. When admins sync repositories from Gerrit, permissions can now also be synced to control who has access to each repository in Sourcegraph. This allows Gerrit repositories to function similar to [other Sourcegraph-supported code hosts](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service). You can find instructions on configuring Gerrit permissions synicng [in our docs](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/gerrit).

Reviewer 4: There's a lot of repetitive words used here, can we delete the first sentence here and just get write to the actionable part: "When admins sync repositories from Gerrit, ..."

> We're improving support for Gerrit-based repositories with new permissions syncing for Gerrit. When admins sync repositories from Gerrit, permissions can now also be synced to control who has access to each repository in Sourcegraph. This allows Gerrit repositories to function similar to [other Sourcegraph-supported code hosts](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service). You can find instructions on configuring Gerrit permissions syncing [in our docs](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/gerrit).

Reviewer 4: If the wording here makes sense, recommend rephrasing last sentence to "“You can find instructions to configure Gerrit permissions [in our docs]."
